Now in this session, we will look at ruling out great, so if there is a defect in our application,
which will often happen in real systems, so we'll have to upgrade our system during the production
itself.
So how do we handle that?
And that is what we are going to see this as part of rolling upgrades.
So let's go to our system.
Okay, so here, let me refresh this.
So we have about two gateway service parts and three authorizations of imports.
And this is something that we got because of scaling.
I ran some tests a few minutes back.
So we will see at the end of this demonstration, although we'll be doing rolling upgrades demonstration.
By the end of that demonstration, we will check if the number of authorization service boards and get
reservist parts if they come down to one, because that is what we have said, that as their minimum
value.
And right now we are not running any law test, so these parts should scale down.
OK.
Going back to mean demonstration that we want to do right now, we want to find a defect in our system
and we want to fix it and see how we can upgrade our system while it is in production.
So for that, we will choose single page application.
Let's connect to this application.
And in this application, I have deliberately left a bug, which we will see right now.
So let me just sign it to now if I try to sign in.
Look at this particular unit, it is trying to connect to authorization service on local levels, and
that is why this log is failing.
So the fix to this particular problem will be that we go to our code base and there we actually set
the IP address or Flight Gateway Service.
Now there are two reasons why I haven't.
I have left it like this.
One reason is that if there is a bug, then we can do this demonstration on ruling about it.
So that was one reason.
The reason was this that this single page application runs on time machine.
And upfront, we do not know what is the IP address of the backend that we have created.
So only once this backend gets created and an IP address is allocated.
So let's say this spear app has to connect to gateway service.
So we have created an external load balancer for that.
So now this IP address was dynamically allocated, so we had no way of updating our app before actually
creating this load balancer.
So the way we deal with this in production is that instead of using IP addresses, we use DNS names.
But here we do not have any DNS names, so we have to use IP address.
So we got this IP address only after creating this external load balancing.
So what we are going to do is we're going to copy this IP address.
Let's just take this.
And does the IP address of our gateway service, if we bring this, we can even see that it is bringing
out it is getting a response from our great resource.
So this is the IP that we are going to copy and we are going to use in our single page application.
So let's close this.
Let's even lose this and then go to our code base
and we're going to code base of our single page application that I'm going to edit of configuration
file.
And this is where we need to do this.
Editing the entire IP address court configured.
OK, let me just fix it over here itself so that we remove this and then copy this.
I mean, OK, let's copy this.
Similarly, I'll the report.
Let me just verify this once again.
Hopefully, this is all good.
Look, we need to remove this line.
So this looks all good.
So let's save this fight and do a bit of single page application alone.
Once this bill is done, then we will do staging of death certificate defect, and then we will create
the image of a single page application and then we will push this image to Google Container Registry.
So let's stage this.
And then let's just build the image before I push the image, I'll create more instances of a single
page application to build system and then images.
And we have the single page application, so they say I'm trying to save time to build by building just
single page application image.
In case you have to build images, if you're building something, you're going just to build system
dataset and it will take care of building pretty much everything.
It will take a little more time, but it will build everything.
So before I push images to Google Container Registry, let me increase the number of instances.
So it says spare parts not found, let me just verify the new.
We need to get the deployment name, actually, so that's my mistake.
OK, so the name is SBA AirPods.
So let's use that command for scaling SBA app boards.
Now let's see this, OK?
So this should scale out.
Single page application workload.
If I go down, I can see this.
This is getting scale target is three.
So if you look at this single page application, there will be three instances over here and they are
all running.
All division right now, division is one.
So they are running and all of and this is what we want to upgrade in a ruling vision, so no single
page application.
So it is running.
We are ready to upgrade this.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Well, that first, let's push the image that we have generated.
So let's see the darker images if we go up.
This single page application of its court generated two minutes of work, so let's push this.
Which is the name of the script to keep pushing me this.
So the first one, it is pushing a single page application, and it has pushed it.
We can even check this in Google container registry.
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.
So the latest has been pushed.
Just now it's it's created three minutes, a woman and just not a good brush, so we have the latest
container image over there in Google Container Registry.
Let's go back to when it is engine.
Let's go to the workloads and spare parts.
That is what we are interested in.
So these ports, we want to refresh them because they are not working for us.
But before we can issue the command for ruling of Iraq, let me get the deployment me for which we need
to do the ruling agreed.
We need to do rolling update for SBA airports.
So let's use that.
OK.
I think the command is in place.
Let's run this.
OK, so this short restart, our.
Ruling agreed.
Let's see what's happening over here.
So it has added a new application instance bought over here, and the remaining three are running,
so one by one, it will remove the old ones and will add the new one.
So if you see this, this revision one is dominating and there is already one instance, one part of
revision to running and the one with revision to contain it is getting created.
Let's refresh this.
Now there are right now to with the revision to I think we'll have to wait, let's refresh.
OK, now we have three parts of Division two and two parts of Division one.
There is in two parts still coming up.
So this way, it will not remove all of the old parts in one shot.
What it will do is one by one, it will replace instances with new instance.
And if you see this, the total number of instances at any given point in time is running.
They were maintained as three.
So that is what ruling upgrade is, and that is what we generally need to do in production that our
overall capacity should not go down.
One thing we need to remember over here is that when we do rolling upgrade of our application, any
component there can be two versions simultaneously present.
So when we are architecting or writing our application, we need to remember that it is possible that
at any given time, multiple versions of our application may be running, and in this case, there can
be at least two versions of application component will be running.
So our single page application is a great time to check whether it can solve that problem or not.
For that, we will go to we have to be in services where we will get the IP address for our single page
application.
So let's connect to that.
Now let's try to sign in.
It says incorrect credentials.
So at least it is connecting to the right you ordered.
Let me try to put the admin password.
And now it says the credentials are correct.
We were able to log in, let's see if we can see products.
OK, so we can see products, and probably we should be able to add something to cart as well if I go
to cart.
This is there in the cart.
So that's the functionality of our web application and we are able to.
Connect to our Web application, and this is how the interface should be for a mobile.
OK.
So are there that single page application?
We were able to fix the issue within a single page application I lire earlier it was connecting to local
host.
It is connecting to this gateway service IP address.
And Best Fear demonstrated that ruling upgrades are working absolutely fine in that system.